Feat(cv_deploy): Add support for preserve_existing_containers (#7124)
aristanetworks/avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/cv_deploy/README.md

    When initially deploying or adding new root containers, the role places its managed root containers to the top of the Studio container tree. Please be aware that this automated ordering **may displace any containers you have manually arranged**.

!!! note "Partial Manifest Deployments"
    By default, the manifest owns the root-level `containers` list, so existing manifest-managed root containers not declared in the manifest are removed.

>     Set `preserve_existing_containers: true` on the manifest to preserve existing root containers that are not declared in the current manifest. This enables workflows where separate manifests manage root-level branches.

Reviewer: We could maybe add a sentence about the ordering here to mimic the second paragraph we have below.

>     By default, every container in the manifest owns its complete `sub_containers` list, so existing child containers not declared in the manifest are removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, every container in the manifest owns its complete `sub_containers` list, so existing child containers not declared in the manifest are removed.
```
